very good my name is jaime ocampo
silva I am 54 years old by profession
technologist in agricultural production
Ecological graduate of the center sena
agroecological and businessman of the city
and titled on November 21, 2011
the name of the project describe levante
and it goes from cattle of the breed
brangus project to be carried out
in the farm san miguel verde a parish
old of the municipality of corozo in finca
which is located 11 km from the
municipal seat of the municipality of
pandi and 25 minutes by vehicle
within the objectives that are wanted
obtain with the implementation of
project is to raise the birth rate
from 70 to 85 percent and lower the
Sebha age of the males from 40 to 30
months there with an average weight of 450
kilos in times
among the objectives also
they have is to make good practices
livestock and agriculture with
systems implementation
Silvopastoral Protein Banks
elaboration of nutritional blocks and
you go out
you also want to create a job
permanent and 270 wages per year
involving women head of household and
displaced youth
the farm where you plan to ride the
project since is family has
approximately 25 hectares of land
It is
wavy
it has an average between 18 and 25 degrees
centigrade and is located at 1450 meters
above sea level approximately
the management of pastures in this
moment is being made through
close combination of barbed fence with
electric fence of two strings of each
one to optimize the management of
animals stops at this moment a
pen for the handling of animals
made in eucalyptus wood and which
has its tight eros and site for
placement of the scale
owned by the association of
ranchers of the gang municipality of
which I am linked
the management of the reproductive of the farm
it is thought to be through the
artificial insemination at fixed time
so that the young are born in times of
summer and use it and be able to use
bulls of excellent quality and
different progeny
the offspring half the offspring forgiveness
they are thought to sell at the time of weaning
and the females that remain
of that weaning will be destined to the
breeding programs and males
They are castrated and shall go to the program
co2
the program goes will start with the
purchase of 10 bovine bulls
with an average weight of 280 kilos and
approximately 18 months which are
will be in 9 months and will be taken to
marketing and marketing that is done with
a marketer of
the municipality of icononzo which has
a long trajectory in this regard and
We have signed an agreement of the year
2010 in which the man commits to
pay us 100 pesos below the price
of which is in Bogota
the sale of the animals of these is
will make at the livestock trade fair that
It is done in the municipality of Pandi in
the first Saturdays of each month fair
is that it has a trajectory of more than
15 years and in which
marketing is more or less
good quality
it was decided to do the work with this
race because of several aspects one of
they is that
the race is maintained and its
fungi features as are the
production of extra meat a cup of
fertilize fertility quite high and
a precocity in the north quite
good and on the part of the drama the
adaptation to the tropics
the rusticity and the resistance both
for internal parasites as external
in addition to
long since the government
intends to incentivize this
kind of races in order that we can
the state can
and meet those with the demands and
with the orders that countries have
with which we have signed the treaty
of free trade
thank you very kindly